Prepare Getting Started with Popup Guide (#2137)
DevExpress/devextreme-documentation: concepts/05 UI Components/Popup/00 Getting Started with Popup/08 Configure User Interaction.md

> Users can drag the popup. To configure this functionalty, use the [dragEnabled](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxPopup/Configuration/#dragEnabled) property.

Reviewer: The descriptions follow the same pattern over and over again, it seems robotic. Let's change it a bit:

```suggestion
The Popup supports drag and drop. To enable this functionalty, set the [dragEnabled](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxPopup/Configuration/#dragEnabled) property to **true**. Users drag the Popup by its title bar, so make sure that you [configured it]().
```

    import { Component } from '@angular/core';

    @Component({
        selector: 'app-root',
        templateUrl: './app.component.html',
        styleUrls: ['./app.component.css']
    })
    export class AppComponent {
        // ...
    }

##### Vue

    <!-- tab: App.vue -->
    <template>
        <div id="app-container">
            // ...
            <DxPopup...
                :drag-enabled="true"       
            >
                <template #content>
                    // ...
                </template>            
            </DxPopup>
        </div>
    </template>

    <script>
    // ...

    export default {
        // ...
    }
    </script>

##### React

    <!-- tab: App.js -->
    // ...

    import 'devextreme/dist/css/dx.common.css';
    import 'devextreme/dist/css/dx.light.css';
    
    // ...

    function App() {
        // ...
        return (
            <div className="App">
                // ...
                <Popup
                    dragEnabled={true}          
                >
                    // ...
                </Popup>
            </div>
        );
    }

    export default App;

---

#include common-demobutton with {

>     url: "https://js.devexpress.com/Demos/WidgetsGallery/Demo/Popup"

Reviewer: Dragging is not enabled in this demo. Why is this link given here?

> }

Reviewer: Let's add information about the position property and rename the article to Position the Popup.
